docs: update quickstart link (#2676)
deephaven/web-client-ui: packages/code-studio/README.md

# Introduction

> Code Studio is a web application that connects to a running [deephaven-core](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/) instance. You can quickly bring up a [Deephaven backend from pre-built images](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/getting-started/quickstart/#tldr). A few notes to get developers quickly up and running.

Reviewer: Hmm the `#tldr` anchor doesn't seem to exist anymore. I'd like to the install/launch section instead, seems the most appropriate in this context:

```suggestion
Code Studio is a web application that connects to a running [deephaven-core](https://github.com/deephaven/deephaven-core/) instance. You can quickly bring up a [Deephaven backend from pre-built images](https://deephaven.io/core/docs/getting-started/quickstart/#1-install-and-launch-deephaven). A few notes to get developers quickly up and running.
```

Author: Good catch. I've pushed those changes.
